Add support for `--provider-schema` flag and context to `generate` sub-command errors (#299)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs: README.md

    --ignore-deprecated <ARG>        don't generate documentation for deprecated resources and data-sources                                                             (default: "false")
    --provider-dir <ARG>             relative or absolute path to the root provider code directory when running the command outside the root provider code directory  
    --provider-name <ARG>            provider name, as used in Terraform configurations                                                                               

>     --providers-schema <ARG>         path to the providers schema JSON file, which contains the output of the terraform providers schema -json command. Setting this flag will skip schema generation via Terraform                                                                               

Reviewer: Same here:

```suggestion
    --providers-schema <ARG>         path to the providers schema JSON file, which contains the output of the terraform providers schema -json command. Setting this flag will skip building the provider and calling Terraform CLI                                                                               
```
